fishing tips entire
first things first talked about
should something happen while
I'm still not to the ground and
called on the back deck working
your garage ready get the kids
ready injuries he had done that
day of fishing should he fall
overboard and I see that caused
all falls overboard the first
thing I'm gonna do as a
middleman over foreign trade
what I want to do is on the
ground she asked
and I'm gonna hold this month
right here just
overboard
what it's going to do is just
going to create a new way for
that has got to show me the
exact spot at work also so no
need to be able to vote down a
look at that when former shows
that his attacks on the street
wanna do something to stop the
bow assess the situation on
notice that the windows blown
South these types of so-called
influence too much the way that
I could hold him in the same
spot but you know should have
been rough conditions it's not
gonna be an awful situation
rescue was treading water limit
it to all morning drive price a
cord that hangs over my head out
the window the whole entire time
trying to listen to call me to
me hopefully not his reindeer
and able to tread water
hopefully not injured and once I
return back over the acts that
means I would have got back to
the area that Paul is if I don't
find a location near the boat
trip and I'll see the direction
of the trip to the boat and
whatever trip that makes already
thinking about where I lost
traction and a call
because he doesn't have lost
their lives a lot going on
experience for United setup man
overboard looking for new GPS
and he had read the water
conditions percent how a person
to get a trip travel
time it takes you to clients
safety first